docs/content/docs/concepts/plugin-system.mdx, before:

---
title: "Plugin System"
description: "Hot Updater uses a flexible plugin system that lets you customize how bundles are built, stored, and managed to fit your infrastructure."
icon: Puzzle
---

import { Tabs, Tab } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/tabs';

## Build Plugin

Build plugins handle the bundling process when you run the `hot-updater deploy` command. They generate the JavaScript bundles for your updates.

### Supported Plugins

- **`@hot-updater/bare`**: Executes the bundle command through React Native CLI. Bundles through Metro or Re.Pack.
- **`@hot-updater/rock`**: Executes the bundle command through [Rock](https://github.com/callstack/rock)(Formerly RNEF).
- **`@hot-updater/expo`**: Executes the bundle command through Expo.

## Storage Plugin

Storage plugins upload your generated bundles during the `hot-updater deploy` command and store them in your chosen storage provider.

### Supported Plugins

- **`@hot-updater/supabase`**: Provides `supabaseStorage` functionality, leveraging Supabase for storage.
- **`@hot-updater/cloudflare`**: Provides `r2Storage` functionality, leveraging Cloudflare R2 for storage.
- **`@hot-updater/aws`**: Provides `s3Storage` functionality, enabling the use of AWS S3 for storage.
- **`@hot-updater/firebase`**: Provides `firebaseStorage` functionality, utilizing Firebase Storage for storing update bundles.

## Database Plugin

Database plugins store bundle metadata that your app uses to check for updates. They run during the `hot-updater deploy` command.

### Supported Plugins

- **`@hot-updater/supabase`**: Provides `supabaseDatabase` functionality, using Supabase as a database solution.
- **`@hot-updater/aws`**: Provides `s3Database` functionality, utilizing AWS for database storage.
- **`@hot-updater/cloudflare`**: Provides `d1Database` functionality, leveraging Cloudflare D1 for database storage.
- **`@hot-updater/firebase`**: Provides `firebaseDatabase` functionality, using Firebase Firestore for storing update metadata.

Commit message:

docs: add native build guide and update plugin system docs
- Add new native-build.mdx guide page
- Update plugin-system.mdx to mention native build commands
- Add native-build page to guides navigation

docs/content/docs/concepts/plugin-system.mdx, after:

---
title: "Plugin System"
description: "Hot Updater uses a flexible plugin system that lets you customize how bundles are built, stored, and managed to fit your infrastructure."
icon: Puzzle
---

import { Tabs, Tab } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/tabs';

## Build Plugin

Build plugins handle the bundling/native building process when you run the `hot-updater deploy` or `hot-updater build:(android|ios)` commands. They generate the JavaScript bundles for your updates or native build artifacts for your app.

The basis of native build processes are shared between all plugins. They are not much than a wrapper of Gradle and xcodebuild cli but include some extra logic to handle the native build process for each platform.

### Supported Plugins

- **`@hot-updater/bare`**: Executes the bundle command through React Native CLI. Bundles through Metro or Re.Pack.
- **`@hot-updater/rock`**: Executes the bundle command through [Rock](https://github.com/callstack/rock)(Formerly RNEF).
- **`@hot-updater/expo`**: Executes the bundle command through Expo.


## Storage Plugin

Storage plugins upload your generated bundles during the `hot-updater deploy` command and store them in your chosen storage provider.

### Supported Plugins

- **`@hot-updater/supabase`**: Provides `supabaseStorage` functionality, leveraging Supabase for storage.
- **`@hot-updater/cloudflare`**: Provides `r2Storage` functionality, leveraging Cloudflare R2 for storage.
- **`@hot-updater/aws`**: Provides `s3Storage` functionality, enabling the use of AWS S3 for storage.
- **`@hot-updater/firebase`**: Provides `firebaseStorage` functionality, utilizing Firebase Storage for storing update bundles.

## Database Plugin

Database plugins store bundle metadata that your app uses to check for updates. They run during the `hot-updater deploy` command.

### Supported Plugins

- **`@hot-updater/supabase`**: Provides `supabaseDatabase` functionality, using Supabase as a database solution.
- **`@hot-updater/aws`**: Provides `s3Database` functionality, utilizing AWS for database storage.
- **`@hot-updater/cloudflare`**: Provides `d1Database` functionality, leveraging Cloudflare D1 for database storage.
- **`@hot-updater/firebase`**: Provides `firebaseDatabase` functionality, using Firebase Firestore for storing update metadata.
