docs/docs/guide/console.mdx, before:

import { PackageManagerTabs } from '@theme';
import { normalizeImagePath } from 'rspress/runtime';

# Console (Rollback & Force Update)

Opens a localhost server based on plugins configured in `hot-updater.config.ts`.
For security reasons, only localhost server is supported at the moment.

**The console provides the following features:**
- Rollback
- Force update flag
- Quick access to git history for updates


<video src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/console/console.mov")} controls autoPlay loop muted />


## Configuration
You can configure additional console settings in the `hot-updater.config.ts` file.

The `storage` and `database` plugins must be exist.

| Option | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `console.gitUrl` | Enables commit shortcuts by linking to git commit hashes | - |
| `console.port` | Sets the console server port | `1422` |

```ts title="hot-updater.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from "hot-updater";

export default defineConfig({
  console: { // [!code hl]
    gitUrl: "https://github.com/gronxb/hot-updater", // [!code hl]
    port: 3000, // [!code hl]
  }, // [!code hl]
  build: ...,
  storage: ...,
  database: ...,
});

```

## Usage
Execute the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater console",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater console",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater console",
  }
} />



## Rollback

When you set a bundle's `enabled` status to `false` in the console, users who have that bundle will immediately force update to the **previous bundle**.

<img src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/console/enabled.png")} />

## Force Update
When you set a bundle's `shouldForceUpdate` status to `true` in the console, users who have that bundle will immediately force update to the **latest bundle**.

<img src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/console/enabled.png")} />

## Git URL

You can set the git URL in the `hot-updater.config.ts` file.

```ts title="hot-updater.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from "hot-updater";

export default defineConfig({
  console: {
    gitUrl: "<your-repo>", // e.g. https://github.com/gronxb/hot-updater // [!code hl]
  },
});
```
When you set the git URL, the commit hash will be clickable and redirect you to the corresponding commit in your repository.

<img src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/console/git-url.png")} />

Commit message:

feat: introduce cloudflare d1 + r2 + wokrer (#60)
* feat: command

* feat: d2 + r2 list

* fix: folder

* feat: make r2 + d1

* fix: move deps

* chore: init proj

* feat: unused script

* fix: chorE

* feat: init worker

* feat: d1 migrations

* fix: rename file

* feat(cloudflare): d1Database

* fix: lint

* fix: cloudflare

* fix: todo

* fix: test

* fix: comment

* refactor: move

* fix: folder

* feat: migration cloudflare api

* feat: r2 storage

* fix: cf

* feat(r2Storage): use wrangler

* feat: init get cloudflare token

* get: cloudflare token

* chore: .gitignore

* fix: semver

* feat: cloudflare worket end

* feat: worker get updater info

* feat: sep semver satisfies

* fix: semver

* feat: filter compatible app versions

* fix: binding

* feat: /api/check-update

* fix: docs

* feat: init command

* fix: process

* feat: worker deploy

* fix: link

* chore(release): publish 0.6.1-rc.0

* fix: files

* chore(release): publish 0.6.1-rc.1

* fix: package.json

* fix: build worker

* chore(release): publish 0.6.1-rc.2

* fix: dist

* chore(release): publish 0.6.1-rc.3

* fix: files

* fix: name

* feat: using tmp dir

* feat: worker name

* chore(release): publish 0.6.1-rc.4

* fix: available db

* chore(release): publish 0.6.1-rc.5

* fix: config toml

* chore(release): publish 0.6.1-rc.6

* fix: unused file

* fix: worker name

* fix: types

* fix: unused code

* feat: keywords

docs/docs/guide/console.mdx, after:

import { PackageManagerTabs } from '@theme';
import { normalizeImagePath } from 'rspress/runtime';

# Console (Rollback & Force Update)

Opens a localhost server based on plugins configured in `hot-updater.config.ts`.
For security reasons, only localhost server is supported at the moment.

**The console provides the following features:**
- Rollback
- Force update flag
- Quick access to git history for updates


<video src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/console/console.mov")} controls autoPlay loop muted />


## Configuration (Optional)

This is a console configuration that does not affect the bundle.

You can configure additional console settings in the `hot-updater.config.ts` file.

The `storage` and `database` plugins must be exist.

| Option | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `console.gitUrl` | Enables commit shortcuts by linking to git commit hashes | - |
| `console.port` | Sets the console server port | `1422` |

```ts title="hot-updater.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from "hot-updater";

export default defineConfig({
  console: { // [!code hl]
    port: 3000, // [!code hl]
  }, // [!code hl]
  build: ...,
  storage: ...,
  database: ...,
});

```

## Usage
Execute the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater console",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater console",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater console",
  }
} />



## Rollback

When you set a bundle's `enabled` status to `false` in the console, users who have that bundle will immediately force update to the **previous bundle**.

<img src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/console/enabled.png")} />

## Force Update
When you set a bundle's `shouldForceUpdate` status to `true` in the console, users who have that bundle will immediately force update to the **latest bundle**.

<img src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/console/enabled.png")} />

## Git URL

You can set the git URL in the `hot-updater.config.ts` file.

```ts title="hot-updater.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from "hot-updater";

export default defineConfig({
  console: {
    gitUrl: "<your-repo>", // e.g. https://github.com/gronxb/hot-updater // [!code hl]
  },
});
```
When you set the git URL, the commit hash will be clickable and redirect you to the corresponding commit in your repository.

<img src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/console/git-url.png")} />
