docs/docs/guide/deploy.mdx, before:

import { PackageManagerTabs } from '@theme';
import { normalizeImagePath } from 'rspress/runtime';

# Deploy
This command is used to deploy the update to the specified platform.

<video src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/deploy/deploy.mov")}  controls autoPlay loop muted />

## Checklist
1. Ensure `hot-updater.config.ts` is properly configured.
2. Wrap your components using `HotUpdater.wrap`.
3. Register the `babel-plugin`.
4. Include the native code.

If you haven’t completed these steps, refer to the [quick-start](./getting-started/quick-start-with-supabase.mdx) guide.

## Options

```
Options:
  -p, --platform <platform>                    specify the platform (choices: "ios", "android")
  -t, --target-app-version <targetAppVersion>  specify the target app version (semver format e.g. 1.0.0, 1.x.x) only available with "appVersion" update strategy
  -f, --force-update                           force update the app (default: false)
  -i, --interactive                            interactive mode (default: false)
  -h, --help                                   display help for command
  -c, --channel <channel>                      specify the release channel (default: "production")
```

## Usage

### Interactive Mode

Interactive mode guides you through the deployment steps via keyboard inputs.

Execute the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -i",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -i",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -i",
  }
} />

The `-i` (or `--interactive`) flag enables interactive keyboard input.
- This mode allows you to proceed through deployment steps interactively.

### For Continuous Deployment (CD) Pipelines

Use this mode for automating deployment in CI/CD pipelines.

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\">",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\">",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\">",
  }
} />

- This mode is suitable for Continuous Deployment (CD) pipelines.

### Force Update

Deploy a forced update for emergency purposes. This will immediately apply the update.

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -f",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -f",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -f",
  }
} />

The `-f` (or `--force-update`) flag enables force update.

### Channel

The `-c` (or `--channel`) flag specifies the release channel.

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -c \"<channel>\"",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -c \"<channel>\"",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -c \"<channel>\"",
  }
} />

The `-c` (or `--channel`) flag specifies the release channel. The default value is `production`.

For more details about channels, refer to the [Channel Guide](/guide/channel).

### Message

The `-m` (or `--message`) flag specifies the message.

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -m \"<message>\"",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -m \"<message>\"",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -m \"<message>\"",
  }
} />

## Force Update Flag Difference

| Update Type   | When Applied                                              | How to Enable                              |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Default       | Downloads the update bundle in the background and applies it when the user restarts the app. | Default setting                           |
| Force Update  | Downloads the update bundle and applies it immediately.   | Use the `--force-update` flag or console. |

Commit message:

Feature: Store output bundle and artifacts to the user accessible path (#444)
* chore: add examples/dev as ignored dependencies

* Revert "chore: add examples/dev as ignored dependencies"

This reverts commit 6f84a7314addd5ef6b06e7d6a5c50308384e656d.

* test: add .gitignore into mock rn project test utils

* chore: append git ignore util

* chore: appendOutputDirectoryIntoGitignore function

* chore: unconscious commit 🦄

* chore: return modified result from appendOutputDirectoryIntoGitignore

* feat: append output directory into gitignore on init command

* feat: append output directory into .gitignore on deploy command

* chore: change default bundle output path

* chore: include .gitignore files into fingerprint ignorePaths

* chore: update fingerprint of example

* chore: fix append gitignore logic

* fix: fix createZipTargetFiles on non-exist dir path

* feat: dont remove bundle output and store it into new path

* feat: store native build artifacts at outputPath

* chore: ignore .gitignore for fingerprint

* docs: update deploy.mdx

docs/docs/guide/deploy.mdx, after:

import { PackageManagerTabs } from '@theme';
import { normalizeImagePath } from 'rspress/runtime';

# Deploy
This command is used to deploy the update to the specified platform.

<video src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/deploy/deploy.mov")}  controls autoPlay loop muted />

## Checklist
1. Ensure `hot-updater.config.ts` is properly configured.
2. Wrap your components using `HotUpdater.wrap`.
3. Register the `babel-plugin`.
4. Include the native code.

If you haven’t completed these steps, refer to the [quick-start](./getting-started/quick-start-with-supabase.mdx) guide.

## Options

```
Options:
  -p, --platform <platform>                    specify the platform (choices: "ios", "android")
  -t, --target-app-version <targetAppVersion>  specify the target app version (semver format e.g. 1.0.0, 1.x.x)
  -f, --force-update                           force update the app (default: false)
  -o, --bundle-output-path <bundleOutputPath>  the path where the bundle.zip will be generated
  -i, --interactive                            interactive mode (default: false)
  -c, --channel <channel>                      specify the channel to deploy (default: "production")
  -m, --message <message>                      Specify a custom message for this deployment. If not provided, the latest git commit message will be used as the deployment message
  -h, --help                                   display help for command
```

## Usage

### Interactive Mode

Interactive mode guides you through the deployment steps via keyboard inputs.

Execute the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -i",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -i",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -i",
  }
} />

The `-i` (or `--interactive`) flag enables interactive keyboard input.
- This mode allows you to proceed through deployment steps interactively.

### For Continuous Deployment (CD) Pipelines

Use this mode for automating deployment in CI/CD pipelines.

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\">",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\">",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\">",
  }
} />

- This mode is suitable for Continuous Deployment (CD) pipelines.

### Force Update

Deploy a forced update for emergency purposes. This will immediately apply the update.

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -f",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -f",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -f",
  }
} />

The `-f` (or `--force-update`) flag enables force update.

### Channel

The `-c` (or `--channel`) flag specifies the release channel.

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -c \"<channel>\"",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -c \"<channel>\"",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -c \"<channel>\"",
  }
} />

The `-c` (or `--channel`) flag specifies the release channel. The default value is `production`.

For more details about channels, refer to the [Channel Guide](/guide/channel).

### Message

The `-m` (or `--message`) flag specifies the message.

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -m \"<message>\"",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -m \"<message>\"",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater deploy -p <\"ios\" | \"android\"> -m \"<message>\"",
  }
} />

## Force Update Flag Difference

| Update Type   | When Applied                                              | How to Enable                              |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Default       | Downloads the update bundle in the background and applies it when the user restarts the app. | Default setting                           |
| Force Update  | Downloads the update bundle and applies it immediately.   | Use the `--force-update` flag or console. |
