docs/docs/guide/get-plugin-env.mdx, before:

import { PackageManagerTabs } from '@theme';
import { normalizeImagePath } from 'rspress/runtime';

# Get Plugin Environment Variables

If you've lost the environment variables required for a plugin, you can use this command to retrieve them again.

<video src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/get-plugin-env/get-plugin-env-supabase.mov")} controls autoPlay loop muted />

## Usage

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater get-plugin-env",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater get-plugin-env",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater get-plugin-env",
  }
} />

::: warning

The `.env` file should remain secure, as it contains sensitive keys required for the hot-updater to function.

If you are using `react-native-dotenv`, be cautious as environment variables may be included in the bundle.

You can separate your environment variables into two files:
- `.env`: Contains sensitive variables that should not be included in the bundle
- `.env.public`: Contains variables that can be safely included in the bundle

:::

Take the output of this command and add it to your `.env` file. Then inject the appropriate values into `hot-updater.config.ts`. For example, if you're using Supabase:

Given the following output:
```ts title=".env"
HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_BUCKET_NAME=bundle
HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_URL=https://abcd.supabase.co
```

Add it to your .env file and configure hot-updater.config.ts like this:

```ts title="hot-updater.config.ts"
import { metro } from "@hot-updater/metro";
import { supabaseDatabase, supabaseStorage } from "@hot-updater/supabase";
import { defineConfig } from "hot-updater";
import "dotenv/config";

export default defineConfig({
  build: metro(),
  storage: supabaseStorage({
    supabaseUrl: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_URL!,
    supabaseAnonKey: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY!,
    bucketName: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_BUCKET_NAME!,
  }),
  database: supabaseDatabase({
    supabaseUrl: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_URL!,
    supabaseAnonKey: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY!,
  }),
});
```

This setup ensures that the necessary environment variables are correctly configured for the plugin to function properly.

Commit message:

chore: example using react-native-env (#73)
* chore: example using react-native-env

* docs: allowlist

docs/docs/guide/get-plugin-env.mdx, after:

import { PackageManagerTabs } from '@theme';
import { normalizeImagePath } from 'rspress/runtime';

# Get Plugin Environment Variables

If you've lost the environment variables required for a plugin, you can use this command to retrieve them again.

<video src={normalizeImagePath("/guide/get-plugin-env/get-plugin-env-supabase.mov")} controls autoPlay loop muted />

## Usage

Run the following command:

<PackageManagerTabs command={
  {
    npm: "npx hot-updater get-plugin-env",
    pnpm: "pnpm hot-updater get-plugin-env",
    yarn: "yarn hot-updater get-plugin-env",
  }
} />

::: warning

The `.env` file should remain secure, as it contains sensitive keys required for the hot-updater to function.

If you are using `react-native-dotenv`, you can either:

- Configure the `allowlist` option to only include safe environment variables in the bundle
- Split your environment variables into separate files:
  - `.env`: For sensitive variables that should be excluded from the bundle 
  - `.env.public`: For non-sensitive variables that can be included in the bundle

:::

Take the output of this command and add it to your `.env` file. Then inject the appropriate values into `hot-updater.config.ts`. For example, if you're using Supabase:

Given the following output:
```ts title=".env"
HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_BUCKET_NAME=bundle
HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_URL=https://abcd.supabase.co
```

Add it to your .env file and configure hot-updater.config.ts like this:

```ts title="hot-updater.config.ts"
import { metro } from "@hot-updater/metro";
import { supabaseDatabase, supabaseStorage } from "@hot-updater/supabase";
import { defineConfig } from "hot-updater";
import "dotenv/config";

export default defineConfig({
  build: metro(),
  storage: supabaseStorage({
    supabaseUrl: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_URL!,
    supabaseAnonKey: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY!,
    bucketName: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_BUCKET_NAME!,
  }),
  database: supabaseDatabase({
    supabaseUrl: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_URL!,
    supabaseAnonKey: process.env.HOT_UPDATER_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY!,
  }),
});
```

This setup ensures that the necessary environment variables are correctly configured for the plugin to function properly.
